Wind barb rendering for mesh vector datasets (#9239)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_mesh/mesh.rst

  |                                        | * **Randomly**: vector placement is randomly done with respect to a certain density       |            |             |            |            |
  +----------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-------------+------------+------------+
  | :guilabel:`Particles count`            | The amount of "sand" you want to throw into visualisation                                 |            |             | |checkbox| |            |
  +----------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-------------+------------+------------+
  | :guilabel:`Max tail length`            | The time until the particle fades out                                                     |            |             | |checkbox| |            |
  +----------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-------------+------------+------------+

>   | :guilabel:`Wind Barbs`                 | * **Length**: Specifies the lenght of the wind barbs. Choose the units from a dropdown    |            |             |            | |checkbox| |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | :guilabel:`Wind Barbs`                 | * **Length**: Specifies the length of the wind barbs. Choose the units from a drop-down   |            |             |            | |checkbox| |
```
I don't remember if that is the common spelling we use for drop-down though...

Author: Yes we use "drop-down" spelling, my mistake...
